PROJECT DEDICATION FOR MY REAL BIOLOGICAL MOTHER AND MY REAL BIOLOGICAL FATHER

My papa, my step-father The King and the drug Baron of East Bakersfield, California and of Los Angeles, California.
Kern County took me away from my step-father who is a founding member of the Nazi Lowriders Car Club..
when I was 2 years old after Crips / Cripps / Cryps gang members shot 2 bullets into the window of his lowrider car when I was in the passenger seat of his lowrider car in Los Angeles, California.
Kern County changed my name after that and gave me to my other step-dad, but I do remember a man before him.

I started writing the source programming code of this Web Application for him and the Nazi Lowrider Car Club in the year ~2000 so that we could communicate over the Internet,
so that they could sell drug products and so that the Nazi Lowriders could always prove where he was located at to everyone in the club by instant message.
These were the years of America Online Instant Messenger, Yahoo Instant Messenger and Microsoft Windows 1998 and Microsoft Windows XP.

I started writing this Web Application for the Nazi Lowrider Car Club of Kern County, Southern California and of Los Angeles County, Southern California as well as the Vagos Motorcycle Club of Riverside, Southern California in the year ~2000 - ~2001.

We also extended this Web Application Software Project to the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club of Kern County, Southern California and of Los Angeles County, Southern California in ~2002 - ~2003.
The Vagos Motorcycle Club and the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club alliances shifted in the following decade.

I started writing this web application project in the year ~2000 when I was ~13 years old after I met my chola. We got the ideas for this web application while she often milked my prostate for several
hours per day while I learned and wrote the programming code for this web application project. Many memories of orgies of me with her and her female friends. This software project was officially registered on FreshMeat.org from Bakersfield, Southern California around the year ~2000 to ~2001 ? Before that I was unfortunately molsted by a woman whose family is classified as being in a "Mexican Drug Cartel".

I did a complete re-write of this Web Application Software Project programming code from the years of 2021 to 2024.

This bare-bone system is now approximately ~250,000 lines of pure Pre-Hyper-Text-Post-Processor Programming Code and should work ultra-fast and flawlessly on the official Pre-Hyper-Text-Post-Processor Parser Versions: 7, 8, 9, 10 and beyond with either of the MySQL - Improved Driver, Microsoft S.Q.L. Driver, Maria Database Driver, MiniS.Q.L. Driver and P.D.O. / P.H.P. Data Objects Driver and with support for up to ~500 concurrent and unique network connections to it at any given time whether on shared hosting, dedicated hosting or a server rack at home.

All of the programming code is 100% original and 100% custom written.

WHAT DOES THIS WEB APPLICATION SOFTWARE PROJECT DO NOW ?

This web application allows the users to communicate with live encrypted voice and live encrypted video as well as record encrypted live video to this web application that is hosted on a private web server
from any mobile electronic device / cell phone that can access a web browser including from any smart glasses that have hardware support for high speed blue-tooth wireless network connection tethering to
that mobile electronic device / cell phone and wireless AP network connection whereas hand-held radio devices are not encrypted or the encryption is easily cracked by the U.S. Military.

Any motorcyclist, driver, traveler can record live video of everything in the area from either the smart glasses or the mobile electronic device / cell phone and show their current G.P.S. coordinates location with altitude down to 10 feet in radius where then every 2 seconds of movement of the device the G.P.S. coorinates of the device with latitude, longitude and altitude and other sensors are saved to a searchable log file of each user. The G.P.S. location of the recorded media is also saved to this web application directly from the G.P.S. chip of the electronic device itself and not from the meta-data of the uploaded media.

This gives a superior advantage over enemy gangs and rivals because now all enemies can be recorded live to show exactly where they are at with atomic precision timestamps and G.P.S. coordinates: Latitude, Longitude and Altitude, what they look like and what clothes they are wearing where then all allies that are registered on the system can see what they look like to send enforcement either right then on the spot or in the future. Additionally an Emergency Management System was developed to call in for immediate support and immediate backup to the current location of the S.O.S. member.

You might think: "I can do that with Twitter, Facebook or maybe Instagram !" Actually, no you can't. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, SnapChat and all other publicly accessible social media platforms spy on the users, they allow the government and law enforcement to illegally spy on all of the converstations, they use ghost-filtering and ghost-blocking techniques on the accounts to either censor the accounts with material they don't want anyone to know about, they intercept traffic and they can delete / change the media on it at any-point-time. Sharing video recorded corrupted acts
of government people on publicly accessible social media platforms is quickly deleted by the government by a simple e-mail message from them to the social media provider whereas anything hosted on a private server is not vulnerable to this.

This web application is now written to combat waves of enemy groups where all of the live gun fire, knife fights and fights can be recorded live from the smart glasses. This is nearly a militarized web application. The smart glasses also act as an eye protectant from pepper-spray and mace. One can also equip any vehicle with video cameras that have wireless network hardware to stream live video to this web application from the dashboard of the vehicle, the rear of the vehicle and the sides of the vehicle through wirelessly tethering the cameras to the mobile electronic device / cell phone 4g L.T.E. and 5g L.T.E.. All license plates, make and model, color and other information of every vehicle in the area can be recorded where the license plates can be looked up in databases. This system is being developed to combat the entire East Coast Criminal Syndicates from invading our territories in Southern California as well as combat the enemy Italian Mafia teams that switch vehicles with each-other every few hours.

Reverse-Image searches of enemy faces can be made where then their identifying information can be discovered such as name, address and other information.

1988, 1990, 1992, 1994.

* Bakersfield, California
* East Bakersfield California
* Oildale, California
* Rosedale, California
* Stockdale, California

* South Los Angeles, Calfornia: SouthGate, Los Angeles, California
* West Los Angeles, California: Venice, Los Angeles, California
* South Long Beach, California
* West San Diego, California
* Encinitas, California
